
C

Alice and Bob play ping-pong with simplified rules.During the game, the player serving the ball comm
ences a play. The server strikes the ball then the receiver makes a return by hitting the ball back
. Thereafter, the server and receiver must alternately make a return until one of them doesn't make
 a return.The one who doesn't make a return loses this play. The winner of the play commences the n
ext play. Alice starts the first play.Alice has x stamina and Bob has y. To hit the ball (while ser
ving or returning) each player spends 1 stamina, so if they don't have any stamina, they can't retu
rn the ball (and lose the play) or can't serve the ball (in this case, the other player serves the 
ball instead). If both players run out of stamina, the game is over.Sometimes, it's strategically o
ptimal not to return the ball, lose the current play, but save the stamina. On the contrary, when t
he server commences a play, they have to hit the ball, if they have some stamina left.Both Alice an
d Bob play optimally and want to, firstly, maximize their number of wins and, secondly, minimize th
e number of wins of their opponent.Calculate the resulting number of Alice's and Bob's wins.InputTh
e first line contains a single integer t (1 \le t \le 10^4) — the number of test cases.The first an
d only line of each test case contains two integers x and y (1 \le x, y \le 10^6) — Alice's and Bob
's initial stamina.OutputFor each test case, print two integers — the resulting number of Alice's a
nd Bob's wins, if both of them play optimally.ExampleInput
3
1 1
2 1
1 7
Output
0 1
1 1
0 7
NoteIn 
the first test case, Alice serves the ball and spends 1 stamina. Then Bob returns the ball and also
 spends 1 stamina. Alice can't return the ball since she has no stamina left and loses the play. Bo
th of them ran out of stamina, so the game is over with 0 Alice's wins and 1 Bob's wins.In the seco
nd test case, Alice serves the ball and spends 1 stamina. Bob decides not to return the ball — he l
oses the play but saves stamina. Alice, as the winner of the last play, serves the ball in the next
 play and spends 1 more stamina. This time, Bob returns the ball and spends 1 stamina. Alice doesn'
t have any stamina left, so she can't return the ball and loses the play. Both of them ran out of s
tamina, so the game is over with 1 Alice's and 1 Bob's win.In the third test case, Alice serves the
 ball and spends 1 stamina. Bob returns the ball and spends 1 stamina. Alice ran out of stamina, so
 she can't return the ball and loses the play. Bob, as a winner, serves the ball in the next 6 play
s. Each time Alice can't return the ball and loses each play. The game is over with 0 Alice's and 7 Bob's wins.
